Update README.md to suggest installing julia and julia-actions/cache (#38)
julia-actions/julia-docdeploy: README.md

    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: julia-actions/setup-julia@v2
        with:

>           version: '1.10'                      # replace this with whatever version you need

Reviewer: Suggest 1 instead of 1.10? Most users would be good with that, the few who need a specific version know what to do (and it's hinted in the comment)

Author: ```suggestion
          version: '1'                         # replace this with whatever version you need
```

          show-versioninfo: true               # this causes versioninfo to be printed to the action log

>       - uses: julia-actions/julia-buildpkg@v1  # if package requires Pkg.build()

Author: ```suggestion
      - uses: julia-actions/cache@v2              # cache using https://github.com/julia-actions/cache
      - uses: julia-actions/julia-buildpkg@v1  # if package requires Pkg.build()
```
